README.md, before:

# My Progress - Sprint Dashboard

A minimalistic, card-based project management dashboard for tracking sprints and generating business presentations.

## Features

- 📊 **Sprint Management**: Select and filter by sprints
- 📅 **Date Filtering**: Filter tasks by timestamp
- 🎴 **Card-based UI**: Clean, minimalistic design with task cards
- 📈 **Sprint Metrics**: Track velocity, completion rates, and progress
- 🎯 **Kanban Board**: Visual task board with status columns
- 📑 **Presentation Generator**: Automatically generate PDF presentations for sprint reviews

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+ 
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

2. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

3. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser

## Deployment (Free Hosting)

### Vercel (Recommended)

1. Push your code to GitHub
2. Go to [vercel.com](https://vercel.com)
3. Import your repository
4. Deploy (it's free!)

### Netlify

1. Push your code to GitHub
2. Go to [netlify.com](https://netlify.com)
3. Connect your repository
4. Deploy (it's free!)

## Usage

1. **Select a Sprint**: Use the dropdown to filter tasks by sprint
2. **Filter by Date**: Choose a specific date to see tasks created on that day
3. **View Metrics**: See sprint velocity, completion rates, and progress
4. **Generate Presentation**: Click "Generate Sprint Review Presentation" to create a PDF deck for your business team

## Project Structure

- `/app` - Next.js app directory
- `/components` - React components
- `/lib` - Utility functions and data
- `/types` - TypeScript type definitions

## Industry Standards

This dashboard follows:
- **Agile/Scrum** methodologies
- **PMI** project management practices
- **Story Points** for estimation
- **Velocity tracking** for sprint planning
- **Burndown metrics** for progress tracking

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Add Supabase integration for shared team data storage with real-time updates

README.md, after:

# My Progress - Sprint Dashboard

A minimalistic, card-based project management dashboard for tracking sprints and generating business presentations.

## Features

- 📊 **Sprint Management**: Select and filter by sprints
- 📅 **Date Filtering**: Filter tasks by timestamp
- 🎴 **Card-based UI**: Clean, minimalistic design with task cards
- 📈 **Sprint Metrics**: Track velocity, completion rates, and progress
- 🎯 **Kanban Board**: Visual task board with status columns
- 📑 **Presentation Generator**: Automatically generate PDF presentations for sprint reviews

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+ 
- npm or yarn
- Supabase account (for team collaboration - optional, falls back to localStorage)

### Installation

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

2. **Set up Supabase (for team collaboration):**
   - See [SUPABASE_SETUP.md](./SUPABASE_SETUP.md) for detailed instructions
   - Create a Supabase project and run the SQL schema
   - Add environment variables to `.env.local`
   - **Note**: Without Supabase, data is stored locally in each browser (not shared)

3. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser

## Deployment (Free Hosting)

### Vercel (Recommended)

1. Push your code to GitHub
2. Go to [vercel.com](https://vercel.com)
3. Import your repository
4. Deploy (it's free!)

### Netlify

1. Push your code to GitHub
2. Go to [netlify.com](https://netlify.com)
3. Connect your repository
4. Deploy (it's free!)

## Usage

1. **Select a Sprint**: Use the dropdown to filter tasks by sprint
2. **Filter by Date**: Choose a specific date to see tasks created on that day
3. **View Metrics**: See sprint velocity, completion rates, and progress
4. **Generate Presentation**: Click "Generate Sprint Review Presentation" to create a PDF deck for your business team

## Project Structure

- `/app` - Next.js app directory
- `/components` - React components
- `/lib` - Utility functions and data
- `/types` - TypeScript type definitions

## Industry Standards

This dashboard follows:
- **Agile/Scrum** methodologies
- **PMI** project management practices
- **Story Points** for estimation
- **Velocity tracking** for sprint planning
- **Burndown metrics** for progress tracking

## License

MIT
